Is it wrong for me to tell my brother that his 3-year-old son isn't his after overhearing about my sister-in-law's affair? {r/AITAH,69lovelysunshine}

I, 33 female, never thought I'd be the one to destroy my brother's, 35 male, marriage. But a few weeks ago, I overheard something I wish I hadn't, and now everything's blown up, and I’m not sure if I’m the asshole for what I did.

My brother has been married to "Anna", 30 female, for five years, and they have a 3-year-old son, Ben. My brother absolutely adores that kid, he's the type of dad who’s always there—changing diapers, taking him to the park, all that stuff. But I've always had this weird feeling about Sarah. Like, she was always just a little too...distant? I don’t know how to explain it, but I always got this vibe from her that something wasn’t right.

Anyway, about a month ago, I was at their house to drop off some things for Ben. My brother wasn’t home, but Anna was there. I was just hanging out in the living room when I overheard Anna on he phone in the kitchen. At first, I wasn't even really listening until I heard her say, "I can’t let him find out that Ben isn’t his, he’d never forgive me.”

I literally froze. I thought maybe I heard it wrong at first, but she kept talking, saying something like, "I know it's hard but you knew this would be the risk when we got involved." Turns out, she was talking to a guy from her work, Mark, who she’s been sleeping with for like, 4 year. And the kicker? Ben isn’t even my brother's kid, he's Mark's.

I was shaking. I felt sick. I left before she could see I heard anything and drove home in a total panic. I had no idea what to do. I spent days debating whether or not to tell my brother. I mean, how the hell do you tell someone that their kid isn't really theirs? But I also couldn’t just sit back and let him live this lie.

After a few sleepless nights and talking to some friends, I decided I had to tell him. He deserved to know the truth. So, I asked him to meet up for coffee, and I told him everything. He didn’t believe me at first, but when I told him exactly what I heard, he went white. He went home and confronted Anna that same night, and it turned into a huge blow-up.

Long story short, they’re getting a divorce. He’s heartbroken, and on top of everything, he did a DNA test, and it confirmed that Ben isn’t his. Now his whole world is upside down. He still loves Ben, but everything’s different, and I can see the pain every time he looks at him.

The thing is, now some of my family’s mad at me. They think I should have stayed out of it, that it wasn’t my place to get involved, especially with Ben being so young. They say I broke up a family and that my brother would’ve been better off not knowing. But I just couldn’t live with myself letting him raise a child that wasn’t his, especially when Anna was keeping it a secret.

Now I’m questioning if I did the right thing. My brother’s devastated, Ben's life is gonna be affected, and my relationship with Anna is obviously ruined.

So, Am I The Asshole for telling my brother the truth and basically blowing up his whole life? Or should I have kept quiet and let things play out on their own?